Welcome to the heart of recreational excellence at the Student Activity and Recreation
center, abbreviated SARC, where we are
dedicated to enhancing learning and promoting healthy lifestyles.
At the heart of our campus lies the open air amphitheater where students
gather for performances, events and meetings under the
open sky. As the hub of student activity,
SARC serves the diverse needs of our student body and the
wider university community, fostering teamwork, professionalism and
enthusiasm while supporting student development adjacent
to it. Casa Coffee restaurant Cafe provides
a cozy atmosphere for students to unwind and socialize over a cup of their favorite
brew or cake, but the culinary delights
don't end there. Whether you're craving traditional indian
flavors or international cuisine, our food court has you covered.
Our food court boasts a variety of outlets including greenocks,
the waffle truck, fat guys kitchen, koila kabob,
baratheon and bur Grill. Offering something to tantalize every
taste bud. Ample seating and an ambient atmosphere
provides a soothing space to relax and unwind after a long
day.
Our multi purpose rooms cater to a variety of activities from
workshops to club meetings, ensuring there's always something exciting
happening on campus. For those seeking entertainment,
our theater offers a space for movie screenings,
performances and cultural events.
Venture upstairs and you'll find our bowling alley a
favorite spot for friendly competition and social gatherings.
We have dedicated art and music rooms that provide creative
outlets for expression and exploration.
Further, our open terrace provides the perfect setting for sky
watching and club activities under the night sky. At SARC,
we are committed to creating a campus environment where every student can
thrive, whether it's through our state of the art facilities or our vibrant
programs and events.